
Skip to content
Country/region
Language
Sim-Lab

    Shop
        XP1 sim racing pedals throttle and clutch
        SQ1 Shifter and XB1 Handbrake

Shop

    XP1 sim racing pedals throttle and clutch
    SQ1 Shifter and XB1 Handbrake


About Us
Support

    XP1 sim racing pedals throttle and clutch
    SQ1 Shifter and XB1 Handbrake


    Support
        XP1 sim racing pedals throttle and clutch
        SQ1 Shifter and XB1 Handbrake

Account
Cart
44 items

    Home Terms & Conditions 

Terms & Conditions

1. General Terms and Conditions
These general terms and conditions apply to all agreements concluded between Sim-Lab B.V. and its customers (hereinafter “the Customer”), and, in a general manner, to all their business relations. If required, they are completed with special terms and conditions.

Our general and special terms and conditions can only be amended by an explicit, written agreement between the parties. They are deemed as accepted by the Customer by the simple fact of placing an order, even if they are in contradiction with the Customer’s own general or special terms and conditions. The Customer’s general or special terms and conditions will only be binding for us providing they have been explicitly accepted in writing. The circumstance whereby we would have accepted the contract without protesting against the stipulations referring to the general or special terms and conditions or any other provisions of the Customer may in no case be invoked.

Sim-Lab B.V. is at all times entitled to change or supplement these General Terms and Conditions, including all possible enclosures, with an adequate term of notice. Orders made previous to possible changes will then be processed according to the old General Terms and Conditions.

2. Offer
Products depicted in the shop are not considered a legally binding offer but as a non-binding online catalog. Small deviations and changes to product pictures or product descriptions are possible.

3. Prices
All prices contain the legal VAT of a current sum of 21% for orders to within the European Union (EU), with exception of France (20%), Finland (24%), Denmark (25%), Austria (20%), Germany (19%) and Sweden (25%). In compliance with Brexit regulations, a 20% tax will be applied to all UK orders totaling less than 135 GBP.

For orders outside the EU, VAT is 0%. The prices are, if not agreed upon otherwise, ex-warehouse.

Coupons and Promotions
Discounts, coupon codes, and other promotional offers are not combinable unless explicitly stated otherwise.

4. Conclusion of a Contract
By placing an order, you submit a binding offer to purchase the relevant product from Sim-Lab B.V. If you make an order at Sim-Lab B.V., we will send you an email that confirms the receipt of your order and lists the details. This order confirmation is not an acceptance of your offer, it merely informs you that we have received your order. A purchase contract only materializes with the shipment of the dispatch confirmation or the delivery of the products.

By placing your order, you are also confirming that you are at least 18 years old.

5. Payment
Payment is due immediately after the binding order. As far as not otherwise agreed upon, payments must be made over one of these services: PayPal, direct bank transfer, credit card (Visa, Mastercard, American Express), Klarna, iDEAL, Bancontact, GiroPay, Przelewy24, Belfius Pay, KBC, EPS, Apple Pay.

For all the international payments made via bank transfer, all the bank fees fall onto the cost of the customer.

5.1. Klarna Terms and Conditions
For all markets except Switzerland

In order to offer you Klarna’s payment methods, we might, in the checkout, pass your personal data in the form of contact and order details to Klarna, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment methods and to tailor those payment methods for you. Your data is processed in line with Klarna’s own privacy notice.

Switzerland only

In Switzerland, Klarna offers its services together with its subsidiary Billpay.

Billpay’s/Klarna’s payment options: To be able to offer you Klarna’s payment options and assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor the payment options for you, we might, in the checkout, pass your data in the form of contact and order details to Klarna and Billpay. Your data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarna’s (de, fr, it or en versions) and Billpay’s (de, fr, it or en versions) privacy notices.

6. Shipment and Delivery
Sim-Lab offers worldwide delivery to the delivery address given by the customer. The delivery and payment conditions will be pointed out in more detail in the product description. There is no minimum order amount. We reserve the right to make a partial delivery insofar as this appears to be advantageous for speedy handling and insofar as this is reasonable for you. Additionally, we retain the right to utilize different shipping companies for the same reasons. You will have no additional shipping costs. Special forms of shipment, which are requested by our customers, will be billed with the customary additional fees.

Bigger orders are often delivered in several parcels, which can or cannot be delivered at the same time. Sim racing seats are frequently dispatched independently from other products within an order and may not be delivered at the same time. Due to the size of the seat packaging, carriers may redirect sim racing seats to a pickup point for collection. This decision is made solely by the shipping company and is outside of Sim-Lab’s control.

If there are delivery difficulties, such as delays, missing or damaged packages, the customer needs to reach Sim-Lab support. Sim-Lab will report the issue to the shipping company and request an investigation. As per the shipping company's rules, the investigation lasts fifteen business days until the parcel is delivered or the claim is approved. The investigation process cannot be speeded up by Sim-Lab and may last longer during the holiday season.


7. Delivery Times
Goods that are in the warehouse (we are not liable for transportation problems) will be shipped within 15 working days after receipt of payment. During periods of high demand, the standard lead time may be subject to extension. If the goods are not available when the order is made, we will strive for delivery as soon as possible. Should the inability to meet a delivery or service deadline arise from circumstances such as force majeure, labor disputes, issues with the suppliers, unexpected complications, or any other situation beyond our control, the deadline shall be appropriately extended. If the delivery is not possible due to the inability of the manufacturer or our suppliers, both we and the customer can cancel the contract if the agreed-upon delivery date exceeds more than 2 months. Claims for damages due to default or inability or failure to fulfill obligations, even those which arose by the withdrawal from the contract, are excluded.

The same rules will apply to custom and webshop orders.

8. Revocation Rights & revocation form 

Statutory right of withdrawal
If the customer is a consumer, he/she shall be entitled to withdraw from this Contract within seven (7) days without giving any reason for doing so. In order to exercise the statutory right of withdrawal, the customer must notify us:

Sim-Lab B.V.
info@sim-lab.eu
Snelliusweg 11
Tholen 4691SP, Netherlands


Of his/her decision to withdraw from this Contract in a clear declaration (e.g., by sending a letter by mail, fax, email, or phone call).

Consequences of withdrawal

If the customer withdraws from this Contract, we must reimburse any payments we have received from the customer, including delivery costs (excluding: custom cut aluminum extrusion profiles that are non-returnable and non-refundable) and any additional costs incurred if the customer has selected a different type of delivery to the cheapest standard delivery option offered by us without delay, but no later than fourteen (14) days after the day on which we receive the notice of the customer’s withdrawal from this Contract. We will use the same payment method the customer used for the original transaction to provide the reimbursement, unless otherwise expressly agreed; under no circumstances will the customer be charged a fee for this refund. It should be indicated that Sim-Lab is not responsible for any fees charged by banks when payments are made in foreign currencies.

9. Passing of the Risk
With the shipment of the goods, the risk is held by Sim-Lab B.V. until delivery is complete. With returns, the sender carries the risk, in particular, the transport risk, until the goods have been received by Sim-Lab B.V. as well as the transport costs.

10. Guarantee
Sim-Lab B.V. guarantees that the purchased goods were free of material and manufacturing flaws at the time of the transfer of the goods and that they have the guaranteed quality set down in the contract. Aluminum profiles are of industrial quality, so minor scratches and bruise marks can exist.

Upon receipt, the customer must inspect the goods immediately for flaws, condition, and quality. In the case of apparent flaws, these must be reported to us in writing within 10 days after delivery of the products, the same is valid for latent defects. Otherwise, the guarantee for these defects does not apply.

The customer is responsible for the way they use the purchased goods. Every damage caused by improper use or against its purpose will not make Sim-Lab B.V. responsible.

The guarantee is for 24 months after shipment.

As an exception, seats are covered with a guarantee of 12 months.

11. Order return
If a customer wants to return the delivered goods, he can do it within fourteen (14) days from the day of delivery. Transport arrangements for return shipment are made by the customer, and we will reimburse the goods in full once they're returned, inspected, and proven to be in mint condition. The return shipping fee is non-refundable. Please be aware that products with damage or with traces of usage will not be refunded. If the order/product is delivered damaged, the customer will need to document the damage and contact SimLab support. In this case, return shipping will be arranged by SimLab.

12. Reservation of Title
Sim-Lab B.V. reserves the right to deliver goods and services until the complete payment of all demands which have resulted or will result on part of the buyer from the business relationship, no matter what kind and on which legal grounds.

13. Storage of Data
All Personal Information will be treated confidentially. The person making the order explicitly agrees with the raising, processing, and use of personal information.

We do not give your personal data, including your house address and e-mail address to third parties without your explicit consent,t which can be revoked at any time.

The exception to this is our service partners which need the data for handling the order (e.g. the shipping company that has been assigned to the shipment and the credit institution to which the handling of payment has been assigned to). In these cases, the scope of the transmitted data is limited to the necessary minimum.

14. Place of Execution and Legal Venue
The place of execution and legal venue for both parties is the location of Sim-Lab B.V. (with commercial customers), with private customers the place of execution and the legal venue is the location of the customer (if the customer resides on the territory of The Netherlands). In so far as the person making the order resides outside of The Netherlands, the exclusive legal venue is the location of Sim-Lab B.V. Dutch civil codex exclusively always applies.

15. Severability Clause
If one of these regulations should be ineffective or challengeable, the effectiveness of the other regulations remains unaffected. In place of the ineffective clause, a legally admissible regulation will take place which efficiently is closest to it.

16. Disclaim
The use of this website is at the user’s own peril and risk. We neither accept liability for constant availability nor for the published contributions, offers and services with regard to accuracy, completeness and functionality. The guarantee is in accordance with the statutory provisions. Any liability for damage arising directly or indirectly from the use of this website is excluded. This website and the services associated with it are operated with the greatest possible care, reliability and availability. However, for technical reasons, it is not possible for these services to be constantly accessible, for the desired connections to always be successfully established or for the stored data to be retained in all circumstances. Therefore, constant availability cannot be guaranteed. Sim-Lab B.V. undertakes to constantly check the On-Line Shop in order to avoid errors or inaccuracies. However, it is possible that the On-Line Shop contains, or may contain, errors, inaccuracies and/or omissions.

Sim-Lab B.V. therefore reserves the right to correct errors, inaccuracies and/or omissions in the On-Line Shop, even after an Order has been submitted, and also reserves the right to change and/or update information at any time, without giving prior notice to Customers. IP connectivity to other network operators occurs to the extent possible. Any liability for problems attributable to the networks of third parties is excluded. The use of other networks is subject to the conditions of use of the relevant operators.

In the event of force majeure, strikes, and restrictions to the services of other network operators or in the event of repair and maintenance work, network operators or in the event of repair and maintenance work, restrictions or disruptions may occur, whereas Sim-Lab B.V. accepts no liability for such failures.


Categories

    Cockpits
    Seats
    Monitor Mounts
    Controls
    Accessories

Support

    Download
    Contact
    Return Procedure
    Affiliates
    B2B Signup

Company

    Blog
    Community Events
    Legal
    Privacy Policy
    Terms & Conditions
    Testimonials

Follow us
Subscribe to our newsletter
Your Email

Copyright© 2025 Sim-Lab B.V.2025

Legal | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
